來源: https://www.businessinsider.com/intelesalaunchaisatellitephisat1202010 原文節錄: The first satellite with AI onboard is now in orbit and its tech could completely change how we respond to wildfires Isobel Asher Hamilton 7 hours ago Intel AI Satellite 5 Researchers inspect the computing and camera assembly of the FSSCat/Phisat1 satellite. Tim Herman/Intel Corporation This week the European Space Agency (ESA) and Intel announced they had successfully put the first satellite with onboard AIprocessing into space PhiSat1. The PhiSat1 uses Intels Movidius Myriad 2 chip which was not originally designed for space travel. PhiSat1s onboard AI is able to select and automatically delete photos of Earth if they are too obscured by cloud. AI has become mainstream on Earth but getting it onto satellites has been a huge challenge and PhiSat1 could pave the way for innovations in how satellites detect natural disasters or even how we communicate with Mars rovers. Visit Business Insiders homepage for more stories. On September 2 a satellite the size of a cereal box took off for space. Names PhiSat1 its mission was to monitor polar ice and soil moisture making it at least superficially a fairly unglamorous piece of kit. But for the satellites creators the European Space Agency (ESA) chip giant Intel and Irish robotics company Ubotica this launch represented months of work and had been postponed by a failed rocket launch two natural disasters and a global pandemic. It was also a huge technological leap forward. PhiSat1 is the first satellite to make it into orbit with AI onboard and the tech could transform the way we respond to disasters such as oil spills and wildfires. Why has it taken so long to get AI into space? Gianluca Furano of the ESA told Business Insider that although AI was popular for building products on Earth getting the tech onto satellites has been a massive challenge. To use AI in a datacritical application is not straightforward even on Earth he said. Flying an AIpowered chip like the one onboard PhiSat1 329 miles above the planet means any repair software patches or upgrades will be that much more difficult. The complexity simply explodes Furano said. On top of that radiation in outer space makes it hard to build an AI chip that can withstand being in orbit. Whatever has silicon inside is disturbed by ionizing radiation Furano said. This means computer chips that would function perfectly on Earth would have unworkably high error rates and could even catch fire if sent into outer space without shielding or modifications. But while lots of satellites carry custombuilt spaceworthy chips PhiSat1 uses Intels Myriad 2 chip a commercially available chip found in a handful of commercial drones and even the headset for Magic Leaps AR goggles. Intel AI Satellite 3 PhiSat1 processing unit pictured here uses Intels Myriad 2 chip. Tim Herman/Intel Corporation Ubotica took the Myriad 2 adjusted its software and built some electronics capable of shutting it down if it looks likely to overheat. Researchers tested it by taking it to the largest particle accelerator on Earth at CERN in Switzerland. By May 2019 the satellite was ready but it took longer than planned to make it into space. The original launch was scheduled for September 2019 but the rocket meant to take PhiSat1 failed to launch prompting an enquiry. While that was ongoing the coronavirus pandemic set in and to top it off two hurricanes hit the launch complex in French Guiana and a ground station in South Korea. On September 2 PhiSat1 finally made it into space and has been successfully orbiting ever since putting its AI into practice. PhiSat1s AI lets it ignore clouds which is a lot more impressive than it sounds Like the satellite itself the function of PhiSat1s onboard AI doesnt seem glamorous at first as it essentially autodeletes photos of Earth it deems too cloudy. Before PhiSat1 sends pictures back its AI decides whether they are free enough of cloud cover. If the AI decides more than 70% of a photo is obscured by cloud it automatically scraps that image. This is useful because it saves Phisat1 a lot of energy. Ubotica Chief Technology Officer Aubrey Dunne told Business Insider about 67% of the Earths surface is normally covered by clouds so this means the AI is cutting a lot of images straight away rather than using processing power sending useless images back to scientists. The cloud detection is about data reduction he said. 心得: AMD讓黑暗籠罩地球表面 我大i皇將光明帶入太空照亮整個地球 C52:intel果然穩，連宇宙輻射都沒在怕~~ 不過話說回來，可以預見這幾年A和I的大戰，將使終端AI更快進入大眾視野 改了~比照國家太空中心翻譯 不過支語應該是叫歐洲空間局。ai可以boost幾秒。intel:不建議超頻。14nm的AI嗎。應該不是，14nm抗輻射不夠好。軍用一般都還在150nm以上，這個應該也是。內文都說Myriad 2了, 這顆28nm。什麼時候會出現觀測號劇情。股價要飛向宇宙了嗎。股價前幾天才跳水10%。太空用很多486等級。讓太陽系感受牙膏之力。哇好歹也射Myriad X吧 台積電16nm勉強能接受。歐洲太空總署 (幫妳降低一點匪味)。14nm ai。散熱已經要用到外太空冷了嗎XD。等人人都可以上太空的時代就會重返榮耀了。歐洲空間局XDDD。外星人:還在14nm+++..果然是宇宙邊緣蠻荒落後的星球。其實這顆是TSMC製程XD。28nm。多抓幾隻外星人吧，不然被A迷爽到洗版。外太空其實散熱不容易，沒空氣幫忙把熱帶走。然後陽光照到又有輻射熱。外星人看到地球還在14nm，會不會笑死…  XD。外星人表示：14nm是哪個維度。完了，沒辦法熱交換，燒毀