來源： https://t.ly/c88W 原文： Bloomberg: First Mac With Apple Silicon Will Be Announced in November Friday October 9 2020 9:59 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple is set to host its next event on Tuesday October 13 where it is widely expected to unveil its iPhone 12 lineup and more but those waiting for the first Apple Silicon Mac may have to be patient for a little bit longer. Bloombergs Mark Gurman today reported that the first Mac with a custom Apple Silicon processor will be announced as part of another launch in November. Gurman said this Mac will be a notebook but rumors have conflicted on whether it will be a new 13inch MacBook Pro a new MacBook Air or a revived 12inch MacBook. Gurman previously said the first Apple Silicon Mac would be announced by November but todays wording narrows this down to in November making it unlikely that we will be hearing about Apple Silicon Macs at next weeks Apple event. During its WWDC keynote in June Apple announced that it will be switching from Intel to its own customdesigned processors for Macs starting later this year promising industryleading performance per watt. At the time Apple said that it plans to ship the first Mac with Apple Silicon by the end of the year and complete the transition in about two years. Apple Silicon processors are based on Arm architecture meaning that future Macs will be able to run thousands of iPhone and iPad apps without any recompilation. These apps will be distributed through the Mac App Store unless a developer opts out. 心得： arm終於要和x86開戰了嗎? 兩家都用TSMC，GG或成最大贏家XD~ 已經放棄i惶了，果果能Make AMD YES Again嗎? 。蘋果用arm跟amd win有個鬼關係。i皇或成最大輸家。win下個月就能完全支持arm了，64bit也能跑。I皇一定輸啊，少了蘋果訂單。win 的那個不是你想像的那樣吧？。就算只能裝mac os，只要能當桌機，就有競爭性的。Win 的 Arm 版本目前也只有客製版 沒有提供下載吧。Win on ARM只能跑 UWP的東西 (MS 商店上的)。所以你Steam也跑不了。mac 就 mac 自己的生態沒在怕的。win 就不是這麼一回事了。樓上的是windows S，arm早就能跑32bit的非驅動程式。你再說那個x86 emulation? 那個效能這麼鳥。mac的arm是自己設計的吧，跟amd有關係？。一堆東西也不支援。水果自己搞特規，反正有信仰加持不怕賣不掉。至於M$搞WinARM板還要看第三方大佬們給不給面子。mac用apple自家cpu還有看頭 windows用arm就算了吧。Win10的ARM64版 微軟有提供ESD下載