因為全篇是英文，所以我就直接講結論了 各位要更新Ryzen Master 和Radeon驅動 我覺得這沒什麼大不了的 畢竟真正修不好的是Intel 的Spectre AMD reveals vulnerabilities in their Ryzen Master and Radeon Software AMD has updated its product security webpage to highlight two new software vulne rabilities which impact the companys Ryzen Master Software and Radeon Software driver stack. Within AMDs Radeon Software Cisco Talos uncovered a vulnerability (called Esca pe Handler) which allowed users to create a blue screen. Thankfully this bug do es not impact longterm system functionality and could be resolved by restarting affected PCs. AMD believes that this bug cannot be used to gain access to confi dential information. This bug has been addressed within AMDs latest Radeon Soft ware driver release. Within Ryzen Master a researcher has uncovered a security vulnerability which a llows authenticated users to gain access to system privileges. Thankfully AMD b elieves that this exploit cannot be used as a remote attack vector for affected versions of Ryzen Master. AMDs latest Ryzen Master release has been patched to address this vulnerability. Details for both vulnerabilities are available below. Escape Handler (CVE202012933) 10/13/2020 Our ecosystem collaborator Cisco Talos has published a new potential vulnerabili ty in AMD graphics drivers which may result in a blue screen. The issue was add ressed in Radeon Software Adrenalin 2020 Edition available here. AMD believes that confidential information and longterm system functionality ar e not impacted and users can resolve the issue by restarting the computer. A specially crafted D3DKMTEscape request can cause an outofbounds read in Wind ows OS kernel memory area. This vulnerability can be triggered from a nonprivil eged account. We thank the researchers for their ongoing collaboration and coordinated disclos ure. More information on their research can be found on the Cisco Talos website. AMD Ryzen Master Driver Vulnerability (CVE202012928) 10/13/2020 A researcher has discovered a potential security vulnerability impacting AMD Ryz en Master that may allow authenticated users to elevate from user to system pr ivileges. AMD has released a mitigation in AMD Ryzen Master 2.2.0.1543. AMD beli eves that the attack must come from a nonprivileged process already running on the system when the local user runs AMD Ryzen Master and that a remote attack has not been demonstrated. The latest version of the software is available for d ownload at https://www.amd.com/en/technologies/ryzenmaster. We thank the researcher for the ongoing collaboration and coordinated disclosure . AMD reveals vulnerabilities in their Ryzen Master and Radeon Software Ryzen Master users should update to the latest version of Ryzen Master and Radeo n GPU users should update their drivers to AMDs newest Radeon Software release. 。ryzen-master 多了一個.。Driver沒寫好 out of boundary然後bsod。就bsod而已 其實沒什麼大不了。有差嗎?BSOD是常態的說。3700x+radeon VII已經很久沒遇到bsod了 最近有什麼。災情嗎？