Nvidia is bringing Fortnite back to iOS with new cloud gaming web app https://www.theverge.com/2020/11/19/21573311/ nvidiageforcenowioslaunchbetareleasesafarimobilewebapp Nvidia is joining its fellow cloud gaming providers in choosing to bypass Apples App Store and launching a mobile web app version of its GeForce Now service. Nvidias version is available today in beta form meaning any of the services more than 5 million registered users can fire up GeForce Now in mobile Safari on an iPhone or iPad and get playing. Nvidia says it also plans to broaden support for its desktop Chromebased version of GeForce Now which currently only works on Chromebooks to more platforms starting in the first quarter of next year including Android Linux and Mac. GeForce Now is currently primarily distributed via Mac and PC apps as well as through dedicated apps on Android and its Nvidia Shield streaming box. One of the more obvious upsides here is that Epic Games Fortnite will once again be playable on Apple devices albeit through a somewhat cumbersome workaround and only after Epic and Nvidia work out some kinks. Fortnites PC version is available through GeForce Now thanks to Nvidia and Epics partnership around cloud gaming that allows Epic Game Store titles to be streamed through Nvidias platform. That said the game isnt ready for the iOS version of GeForce Now quite yet as Epic and Nvidia are working together to bring improved touch controls to the game. Alongside the amazing team at Epic Games were working to enable a touchfriendly version of Fortnite which will delay availability of the game. While the GeForce Now library is best experienced on mobile with a gamepad touch is how over 100 million Fortnite gamers have built battled and danced their way to Victory Royale Nvidia GeForce Now chief Phil Eisler writes in the companys blog post. Were looking forward to delivering a cloudstreaming Fortnite mobile experience powered by GeForce NOW. Members can look for the game on iOS Safari soon. So any mobile Fortnite players who have been unable to access the game will soon be able to claim it on Epics PC storefront sign in with their account and find the game on the iOS version of GeForce Now. And any players who already play Fortnite across mobile console and PC have likely already linked their account and should have no trouble syncing their data across platforms. News of Fortnites return to iOS via GeForce Now was first reported earlier this month by the BBC ahead of Nvidias official announcement. Still its not an ideal workaround and the hurdles players have to jump through to play a game that just a few months ago ran natively on iOS devices is indicative of the larger fissures forming between Apple and the video game industry. Apple in August became the center of two separate but related controversies. The first kicked off when it banned Fortnite from the App Store (Google did the same by removing Fortnite from its Play Store) over the inclusion of Epics own inapp payment methods designed to bypass Apples standard 30 percent cut. Epic then sued both Apple and Google for anticompetitive practices. Shortly after that Apple clarified its position on cloud gaming services explaining that the clients operated by Google Microsoft Nvidia and others were not allowed on iOS because of App Store policies barring platforms that stream games. Apple softened its stance slightly by creating an exemption that would allow a cloud gaming service so long as the games it streamed were submitted individually for App Store review and subject to the same policies and 30 percent commission that other apps are. Apple also suggested cloud gaming providers use the mobile web instead if they thought the terms were unfavorable. Microsoft snubbed the olive branch as a bad experience for consumers while Facebook began publicly criticizing Apple for the restrictions it imposed on its own cloud gaming service. Neither Google nor Nvidia publicly spoke out about Apples position on cloud gaming. Now Google Microsoft and Nvidia have since taken Apples advice and decided to go the mobile web route instead of attempt to work within the confines of the App Store. Microsoft plans to launch an iOS version of xCloud sometime next year while Google announced today that it would be testing an iOS version of its Stadia platform in the coming weeks. Yet Nvidia is beating both to the punch by launching a WebRTCbased version of GeForce Now on mobile Safari today in beta. Nvidia says there will be some notable restrictions involved. You will be able to use controllers such as the Xbox One gamepad and Sonys DualShock 4 as well as supported mobilefirst controllers like the Razer Kishi. In fact Nvidia says a majority of GeForce Nows more than 750 games that work well with gamepads and will run just as well on mobile. But Nvidia hasnt tested the new PlayStation 5 consoles DualSense controller and cannot confidently say it will work. Touch controls will also work though they will not be natively supported in certain games because the machines on which the platform runs stream the PC version of a game and not a madeformobile app. (Hence the delay on making Fortnite available.) Mice and keyboards will not work at all Nvidia says due to issues specifically with mouse support using the mobile web client as its currently designed. Nvidia is also announcing some nice new additions to the platform including InnerSloths huge multiplayer hit Among Us and support for GOG.coms PC storefront in time for parent company CD Projekts Cyberpunk 2077 launch on December 10th. And Nvidia says its also increased the number of facilities around the globe it uses to deliver GeForce Now to 22 data centers in 70 countries. Update November 19th 12PM ET: Included mention of Googles plans to test an iOS version of Stadia in the coming weeks. Correction: An earlier version of this story said Fortnite would be available on iOS through GeForce Now starting today. That is incorrect; Epic and Nvidia are working to improve touch controls for the game before releasing it officially on the platform. We regret the error. 簡單來說，IOS可以透過GEFORCE NOW玩遊戲了.. 剛剛試了奧德賽，一樣非常順暢，不知道阿婆會不會把他擋掉 。這位加拿大人 妳整篇文章都是英文 好歹翻譯一下吧。他不是都簡單總結了嗎。mac mini或成最大贏家xd。哦會槓上嗎之前也槓上過一次w。嗯，我也這麼覺得。Geforce Now的遊戲支援度...反正台灣被台哥大綁架。我知道的web app的跟你的怎麼不一樣。現在很多大廠遊戲不給上。Apple 要用什麼理由檔網頁。版主住加拿大，原諒他，都系嘎吱郎。直接用瀏覽器玩 厲害了。無法掛網，手機版的app沒支援黑沙，GG。在巴哈我就。直接講，沒有使用的價值（對黑沙來說）。你各位可以去日本軟銀的GeForce now 註冊 一個月免。費體驗！。Web app?????。原文是web app這樣寫的沒錯，就網頁應用程式而已。Apple真的小氣