上週買了 SigOpt 官方公告: https://t.ly/mE1R 這周又買了 https://t.ly/gc2p 雖然還沒有官方公告，但該媒體宣稱有向i皇查證 這是什麼操作啊~ 學HTC嗎? 新聞原文: Intel acquires data science startup Cnvrg.io BY DUNCAN RILEY Intel Corp. reportedly has acquired Cnvrg.io an Israeli data science startup that helps teams create and run machine learning models. TechCrunch made the claim though neither Intel nor Cnvrg.io has publicly confirmed the news as of the time of writing. TechCrunch did say Intel confirmed the deal. “Cnvrg will be an independent Intel company and will continue to serve its existing and future customers” an Intel spokesperson told the news site. Founded in 2016 Cnvrg.io offers a data science platform designed to assist enterprises to manage and scale up artificial intelligence. Its collaborative solution allows companies to accelerate innovation and build highimpact machine learning models the company says. Scaling machine learning development from research to production with an endtoend solution is key to the companys pitch that is designed to give data science teams all the tools they need in one place. In offering a data science platform for machine learning operations and model management Cnvrg.io claims to be a pioneer in building cuttingedge machine learning development solutions that allows users to build highimpact machine learning models in half the time. In a recent blog post Cnvrg.io claimed to improve visibility and increase machine learning server utilization by up to 80%. The companys dashboard is said to deliver a snapshot of everything executed across compute clusters in terms of usage and user activity. Cnvrg.io allows administrators to monitor and compare overall capacity against both allocation and utilization with graphs to identify gaps in efficiency. Cnvrg.io customers include Fortune 500 companies to startups. Partners include Red Hat Inc. Nvidia Corp. and NetApp Inc. The acquisition comes after Intel acquired artificial intelligence startup SigOpt for an undisclosed sum Oct. 29. SigOpt offers a software platform that is used by private firms and research groups such as OpenAI to boost the performance of their AI models. Its platform improves model performance through a method known as hyperparameter optimization. Coming into its acquisition Cnvrg.io had raised 8 million in venture capital funding according to Pitchbook. Investors included Hanaco Venture Capital Jerusalem Venture Partners Kevin Bermeister and Prashant Malik. Image: Cnvrg.io Since youre here Show your support for our mission with our oneclick subscription to our YouTube channel (below). The more subscribers we have the more YouTube will suggest relevant enterprise and emerging technology content to you. Thanks Support our mission: >>>>>> SUBSCRIBE NOW >>>>>> to our YouTube channel. Wed also like to tell you about our mission and how you can help us fulfill it. SiliconANGLE Media Inc.s business model is based on the intrinsic value of the content not advertising. Unlike many online publications we dont have a paywall or run banner advertising because we want to keep our journalism open without influence or the need to chase traffic.The journalism reporting and commentary on SiliconANGLE along with live unscripted video from our Silicon Valley studio and globetrotting video teams at theCUBE take a lot of hard work time and money. Keeping the quality high requires the support of sponsors who are aligned with our vision of adfree journalism content. If you like the reporting video interviews and other adfree content here please take a moment to check out a sample of the video content supported by our sponsors tweet your support and keep coming back to SiliconANGLE. 。老黃笑而不語。因為未來就是都要搞這個啊。改做嵌入式裝置嗎？。來不及了。就錢太多 不然你要買10nm機台？。他媽的把10nm弄好啦。再吵，intel直接收購台GG。(誤)。小吃大嗎XD。蛇吞象!?。然後nvidia amd當白騎士。被買就只能用14+++++++++++嗎...。AMD，Yes。賽靈思一家勝過你買的N家，Amd萬歲。病急亂投醫,運氣好可以當神農氏。不想努力了 趕緊改行做AI。有時收購並不是為了自己的產品，而是限制對手的發展。心情不好就要買東西啊。買來專精研發算super pi