目前歐美正在過火雞節的當下，美商恩傑發表了NZXT所附的PCIE延長線 固定在PCB上的螺絲可能產生火花燒機，並提出了寄送維修套件(螺絲) 的解決辦法，目前的建議是即刻關機直到收到維修套件為止，目前還在 跟美國消費品安全委員會(CSPC)討論下一步作法是什麼 在此呼籲有用NZXT的鄉民趕快關機啊，雖然目前只有少於10台發生的案例 目前原價屋還是有上架，還在組裝的鄉民趕快停止啊，不知道Youtuber 網紅們甚麼時候會出來呼籲安全?都燒機了竟然還沒全面招回換機或維修? 以下新聞來源 https://blog.nzxt.com/detailsonh1casesafetyissue/ WHATS GOING ON? Weve identified an issue with the H1 case where a short on the PCIe riser cable connection can lead to a potential safety hazard. This issue has currently affected fewer than ten H1 cases. To be extra cautious we have paused sales on NZXT NZXT BLD and asked resellers to temporarily pause sales as well while our engineering team is confirming the issue and preparing a solution. WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? We have identified that the two screws that attach the PCIe Riser assembly to the chassis may cause an electrical short circuit in the printed circuit board (PCB). Repair kits are being prepared that include two new screws that address the issue along with instructions to replace them at home. WHAT CAN CUSTOMERS DO? While we have identified this issue as an extremely rare occurrence the absolute safest approach is to powerdown your H1 until a kit is sent out to you and the repair is made. We will be taking customer information and providing early repair kits as soon as this upcoming week. These kits will allow users to make the repair at home by replacing both screws that attach the PCIe assembly to the case. Customers can reach out through our H1 dedicated contact channels included below for more information. WHAT ELSE DO CUSTOMERS NEED TO KNOW? We are working closely with the US Consumer Products Safety Commission (CPSC) and the proper global authorities to ensure that we are doing everything we can to help NZXT customers. The CPSCs function is to help people use products safely and we have been adhering to their strongly recommended schedule for releasing information to our suppliers and to the public. We take this issue seriously and are working as quickly as we can to address it. HOW DO CUSTOMERS GET IN TOUCH IF THEY HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS? We appreciate everyones patience. For direct contact customers can contact our Customer Support team via the provided number and email address. Please direct inquiries regarding the H1 Issue to: Phone: 18889655520 (Mon Fri 8am 6pm PST) Email: [email protected]。看成火花雕雞 好吃。想吃kiara。這麼酷炫的嗎？好神奇的燒機方式。https://i.imgur.com/6yOKXFa.jpg。火了(物理。好像是上面那個? PCIe riser。剛看到 正要翻的說哈哈哈。燒機怎麼讓螺絲產生火花？。電線走火啦，物理性燒機發爐。原文是說 pcie延長線上有兩個螺絲會造成pcie延長線。的pcb短路。Gamernexus有找到熱心的民眾，之後應該會有影片詳。細解說。價崩。慘 我也有一台，雖然不常用就是了。感謝。物理燒機 給推。XD熱心民眾。物理上的熱心嗎。出那麼大的事該打折賣了吧。固定在PCB上的螺絲部分 用紅紙板華司絕緣就有機會。解決了吧(!。紅紙板華司=以前教過鎖主機板螺絲下面要墊這個。樓上說的那個好久沒看過了。多買幾台放雞進去，可以開店了。GG。H1營火。MB那鎖腳架金屬接點到底是接地用還是要用墊片絕緣?。以前記得MB都用墊片絕緣。講的好像一臉你就是買H1的受害者。我現在還是有在用紅色的絕緣墊片.......。墊片我都墊上面的說，鎖孔跟銅柱不是要接地嗎。而且墊下面沒用吧，螺絲也是導體，通路只是從板→。銅柱變成板→螺絲→銅柱。這感覺像是低級失誤欸 還沒上市前應該就可以抓出來。了吧。墊紅紙那個是要避免螺絲去接觸到主機板造成短路吧。猜猜看立光會不會主動通知做售後 嘻嘻。台灣打折也是國外原價，訂那啥曉價格