根據Reddit上的破解情報，這次除了Gen2的聲音(沒有招式)之外 還增加了其他東西 其中包括了 1。性別 2。色違 3。可課金買新衣服 4。Buddy新位置baby 5。寶可夢裝扮? (PS:加入不代表已完成或會啟用) 資料來源: https://thesilphroad.com/news/shinypokemongendersinpokemongo491 沒有 快龍 卡比 乘龍 或 吉利蛋 都沒關係 但作為一個PM 廢人 一定要有一隻 母怪莉 原文 Dont read any further if you want to be surprised by the events on Monday tr avelers Not all of these features will be involved with the upcoming promotio ns but some of them certainly will be Heres whats in the code aside from what made it into the release notes: 1. POKEMON GENDERS It appears that Pokemon may soon begin having a GENDER associated Both Male a nd Female gender identifiers appear to be in the works. No new code appears th at might display the gender via a UI at this time but Pokemon may already beg in to have this attribute behind the scenes. 2. SHINY POKEMON VARIANTS Even more code has been added to enable shiny Pokemon in Pokemon GO For those unfamiliar in the mainseries game shiny Pokemon are simply recolored vers ions of Pokemon. They are extremely rare. Every Pokemon comes in one shiny var iant. They are identical to their normalcolored counterpart in every way exce pt appearance but are sought after for their collecters value This time it is abundantly clear that shinies are an intended mechanic for Pokemon GO. No UI code exists to handle them apart from the already existing s pecial announcement sound file and the ability for them to have a different 3 D model at this time. 3. AVATAR CUSTOMIZATION Finally avatar customization is being expanded Nothing is visible in the gam e currently but under the surface functionality has been added that will all ow travelers to customize their avatars in the following categories: HAIR SHIRT PANTS HAT SHOES EYES BACKPACK Code for both inapp purchases and unlockable avatar items is referenced. We b elieve both may be a possibility soon Avatar customization items have the fol lowing attributes: NEW SALE PURCHASABLE UNLOCKABLE It will be interesting to see how to unlock customization items 4. NEW BUDDY POSITION: BABY Buddy Pokemon display either at your feet in the air or on your shoulder in the current game. But a new position has been added: BABY No other code refer encing babies/breeding is found in the APK so this appears to be a simple cha nge rather than the introduction of breeding or other babyPokemon mechanics. 5. NEW SPONSOR PLACEHOLDERS To add to the SPATULA THERMOMETER and KNIFE sponsor types in the last versio n the following have been added: GRILL SMOKER 6. SIGHTINGS/NEARBY TWEAKS Tweaks have been made to the Sightings and Nearby system. It appears these mos tly focus on the ability to load PokeStop images asynchronously without freezi ng gameplay. NOT KIDDING: SPOILERS AHEAD 7. POKEMON COSTUMES A whole slew of code has been introduced to enable Pokemon to have... costumes Not only that but it appears to have been built in a way that would enable different types of costumes. The first type we are seeing is: HOLIDAY. Costumes appear to have their own collision physics as well This will be an e xciting feature for a potential holiday promotion. 這篇文章讓你覺得？ . . ˇ ˇ ˇ ˇ b y 皿 新奇 溫馨 誇張 難過 實用 高興 無聊 生氣 。沒莉莉艾 頗呵y。不要怪莉！！ (尖叫。開放快半年了 可喜可賀(?。沒愛心球婉莉都是＿＿。先不說沒有莉莉艾了(廢話) 其實先放入阿羅拉型態可能。會更吸引流動...(只有部分地區限定)。自從買了3DS就不出門了XD。放入阿羅拉型態(夏威夷限定)。12月12我真的覺得有可能是阿羅拉 不然怎麼是pokemon。推特放訊息。買3DS+遊戲後GO已經被我放置了...。夏威夷限定XDDDD。還有人在玩喔？。糞game